# Detecting-Breast-Cancer
Breast cancer is the second most diagnosed cancer in women, luckly, as technology and research advances death rates are decreasing and survival rates are increasing. Some signs and symptoms of breast cancer may be lumps or unusual thickness in the area and changes in appearance. If these unusual signs are noticed a doctor will then follow up with a mammogram or some type of histology/biopsy screening. After the screening, we can see if the tumor is benign or malignant. If the tumor is benign it means that it is non-cancerous because it will not spread to other parts of the body, however if it is malignant then the tumor is cancerous and can be very deadly. There are many things that can increase the chances of getting breast cancer such as, diet, genetics, and environmental factors.

The first step to this project is to analyze the data and know what there is to work with. So to start off the project we will use the kaggle dataset, also found on sklearn datasets, that has Breast biopsy results and deeply understand the columns and rows presented. The research question will be if we can use this dataset to predict if the tumor is benign or malignant. We will first transform the data into a dataframe. Then, we will use the see the statistical values as well as check for missing values. It is also important to label the target value and anything else that will be needed later on. We will then have a train and a test set and will get results of how accurate the model was. We will use multiple models in this project and see which one performs the best.
